Information on Government Colleges and Scholarships:

Thapathali Campus Stands as a pioneer institute for Bachelor Level of Engineering Degrees. Bachelor Level Degrees run for 4 years, under completion of which you will be honored as an Engineer. In Bachelor level, Thapathali Campus is offering BE Civil Engineering (96 Seats), BE Electronics, Communication & Information Engineering (48 Seats), BE Mechanical Engineering (48 Seats) Automobile Engineering, BE Industrial Engineering (48 Seats), BE Computer Engineering and Bachelor of Architecture (B.Arch) program. Out of this, 108 seats are reserved for scholarship. Thapathali Campus is the only campus in Nepal that offers Automobile Engineering and Industrial Engineering. Refer to https://www.tcioe.edu.np/notices/065a727f-f46d-487e-8b76-60ca3b770766 to view the official scholarship distribution numbers.
Thapathali Campus Offers Wide range of training and capacity building skills. it also offers Hostel for students from remote villages. Similarly, Stipend , awards, and honours are provided for Outstanding Students. It offers huge range of Scholarship offered under basis of Entrance Exam Taken By IOE.

Pulchowk Campus is an constituent campus of Tribhuvan University. Under Institute of Engineering there are four constituent campuses and ten private colleges. Pulchowk Campus is the central campus of the Institute of Engineering. It is established in 1972 (2029 B.S) as one of the constituent campus of the Institute of Engineering and is situated at the heart of the Lalitpur city at Pulchowk.This campus is well equipped with necessary laboratories with great strength of faculties and staffs, separate buildings for academic and administrative purposes has become the center of excellence of engineering education in Nepal.
Currently, Pulchowk Campus offers bachelors courses, master’s courses and Ph. D. programs in different areas of engineering. It caters Bachelor in Mechanical Engineering (48 Seats ), Architecture Engineering (48 Seats ),Computer Engineering (96 Seats ), Civil (144 Seats), Electronics, Communication and Information (48 Seats ), & 48 Seats in a Electrical Engineering. Of these seats, 240 are reserved for scholarships, while the remaining 240 are allocated for full-paying students.
Refer to https://www.tcioe.edu.np/notices/065a727f-f46d-487e-8b76-60ca3b770766 to view the official scholarship distribution numbers of Institute of Engineering, Tribhuvan University. This is applicable for all government campuses of IOE.

Amrit Science Campus (ASCOL), situated in the heart of Kathmandu Valley, is the unique science campus of the country. Some of the finest technical manpower, who are now involved in different development activities both at home and abroad, were students of Amrit Campus.The Campus is a semi-autonomous institution under Institute of Science and Technology with partial decentralization, affiliated to Tribhuvan University.
Amrit Science Campus offers courses in Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics, Botany, Zoology, Statistics, Computer Science, Information Technology, Environment Science and Microbiology at Bachelor's level. At present, altogether nearly 1900 students are studying at different levels. Currently, the most popular programs in Amrit Science Campus are BSc.CSIT-144 Seats, and BIT-48 seats.

Padma Kanya Multiple Campus (popularly known as PK Campus) is situated in Bagbazar. The campus currently offers higher education degrees in Humanities and Social Sciences, Management, and Science. As a constituent campus of Tribhuvan University, PKMC has educated women from Nepal, India, Sri Lanka, Korea, and a variety of other nations. Students come from a variety of geographical and socio-cultural backgrounds. PKMC owns 4.6 acres of property. Within the campus grounds, a variety of buildings have been created for classrooms, libraries, labs, and dormitories, as well as play-grounds. The slogan of this Campus is "Quality Education for Women's Empowerment." The college offeres programs from three faculties of Tribhuvan University, Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences,
,Faculty of Management and Institute of Science and Technology. Padmakanya Campus offers a total of 28 courses. They are MBM- Master of Business Management, BCA- Bachelor in Computer Applications, M.A. English, Master of Arts in English, BS- Buddhist Studies, BS- Social Work, BS- Gender Studies, MA Sociology- Master of Sociology, MA Sanskrit, Master in Rural Development, Psychology, MA Population Studies, Master of Population Studies, PS, Political Science, M.A. Nepali, Master of Nepali, Nepal Bhasha, Home Science, Dance, Geography, Master of Economics, B.Sc. Biology, B.Sc. General Biological group (4 year), B.Sc. Physics, B.Sc. General Physical Group (4 year), MBS- Master of Business Studies, BHM- Bachelor of Hotel Management, BBM- Bachelor of Business Management, BBA- Bachelor of Business Administration, BBS- Bachelor of Business Studies, B.Sc.CSIT- Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Information Technology, Bachelor of Public Administration, B.Sc. (Microbiology), Bachelor of Science in Microbiology, BIT- Bachelor Degree in Information Technology

Patan Multiple Campus was established on 2011 B.S.(1954) before birth of Tribhuvan University. 'Patan Multiple College' in 1973 it is entered as constituent campus of Tribhuvan University in named Patan Multiple Campus.
Patan Multiple Campus is one of the most popular constitutent campus of Tribhuvan University. It occupied about 27,296 sq m area. The campus is situated at Patan Dhoka, Lalitpur of Nepal which is also known as city of Newar community.Patan Multiple campus is a constituent campus of Tribhuvan University, it offers both Bachelors and Masters program in the faculties of Humanities and social sciences, Faculty of Management and Faculty of Science.
This campus conducts several programs such as general science, environment science, masters, different ARTS faculty and Bs.CSIT. It offers a total of 25 programs which include Bachelor of Science, Bachelor in Business Studies, Bachelor of Arts, BSc Computer Science and Information Technology, Bachelor of Business Administration, Bachelor of Arts in Social Work, Bachelor of Computer Application, Bachelors in Information Technology, Bachelor of Arts in Home Science, Bachelor of Arts in Geography, Bachelor of Arts in Nepal Bhasa, Bachelor of Arts in Economics, Bachelor of Business Management, MSc Physics, Master of Business Studies, MA in Nepali, MA in Rural Development, MA in Population Studies, MA in Economics, MA in Sociology, MA in English, MSc Environmental Science, Master of Arts in Nepal Bhasa, Master of Information Technology, Master of Computer Application.
